
Completed GitHub Co-pilot Essentials from Talent Next with Certification.
I have done HTML5 & CSS 3 from Talent Next with Certification.
Apart from this I have done courses of BOOTSTRAP & W3CSS, and these courses are currently I'm using in my projects of

              1. SBI-LLMS Project [ Course Name - Bootstrap, recently client converted their front-end markups from HTML5 to BOOTSTRAP5].

             2.  SBI - LLMS LITE [ Course Name - W3CSS.  For this project Additionally I learned W3CSS Language and I currently using for this project.].

             3.  SBI - I- LLMS Project [It's a new project for SBI. Currently using additionally learned BOOTSTRAP language here also.]


 I have done courses of BOOTSTRAP & W3.CSS, and these courses are currently using in 

              1. SBI-LLMS Project [ Course Name - Bootstrap, recently client converted their front-end markups from HTML5 to BOOTSTRAP5].

             2.  SBI - LLMS LITE [ Course Name - W3.CSS.  Currently I'm using W3.CSS for this project, which I learned specifically for it].

             3.  SBI - I- LLMS Project [It's a new project for SBI. Currently using additionally learned BOOTSTRAP language here also.]

     2.Completed GitHub Co-pilot Essentials from Talent Next with Certification.

     3.I have done HTML5 & CSS 3 from Talent Next with Certification.


Received the KUDOS Award from my project manager for my outstanding work.
No delivery Escalation.


Completed all the Mandatory courses on time with good marks.
 As a team member, consistently participating and contributing to all the team activities.



I would like to summarize my overall experience by some points.

As a front-end developer, I always tried to keep my work up to the mark. From scratch I have Managed to adapt the UI technologies with good grasping of knowledge that was expected from me. I always showcased my full potential in all the task that is assigned to me and completed it with quality and delivered it on time.
 As a Fresher apart from my project I additionally working on two Project                                                                                                                                                                     1. SBI- LLMS-LITE, LLMS LITE is completely different front-end environment from my main project SBI-LLMS. From scratch I have managed to adapt this UI                 environment and currently doing client demand for this project and delivering with quality.

            2. SBI - I -LLMS Project.  This a new project from SBI side. From scratch I have managed to this adapt this User Interface. and currently doing client demand for this           project and delivering with quality.









Apart from My current project of LLMS.  Client using completely from CSS language of W3CSS. So, based on their need i learned this course and I used in this project].


At present I continue to see myself as proficient Web developer in coming years by constantly increasing my knowledge thereby contributing to organization as well as my personal success.